Add README_DEVELOPERS (#130)
DevExpress/devextreme-cli: README_DEVELOPERS.md

# Testing

To run tests for all target frameworks, use the following command:

```sh
$ npm run test-local
```

> This script creates test applications in the `testing/sandbox` folder, starts a web server per framework, and runs the snapshot tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script creates test applications in the `testing/sandbox` folder, starts a web server for each framework, and runs the snapshot tests.
```
